docs(kapsule): added few details about kapsule/kosmos differences (#3063)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/reference-content/understanding-differences-kapsule-kosmos.mdx

Kapsule is Scaleway's **fully managed Kubernetes service**, enabling users to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications seamlessly without the burden of infrastructure management.

  - Available in multiple Scaleway regions (PAR, AMS, WAW), allowing users to deploy applications closer to their target audience for enhanced performance.
  - Kosmos allows users to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications using Kubernetes without having to manage the underlying infrastructure.
  - Automatic scaling, rolling updates, and seamless integration with other Scaleway services like Load Balancers and Object Storage.

>   - Users can manage their Kubernetes clusters through the Kubernetes API, the intuitive Scaleway console or the devtools (namely Scaleway CLI or the Terraform provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Users can manage their Kubernetes clusters through the Kubernetes API, the intuitive Scaleway console or the [Scaleway developer tools](/developer-tools/) (namely Scaleway CLI or the Terraform provider).
```
